{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang2057\plain\fs24\fet1
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Arial;}
}
{\info
{\createim\yr2018\mo2\dy1\hr17\min16}
}

\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440
\slmult0\ltrpar\li0
{\fs28
THESIS
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\fs24
Human Flow
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Goals
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
Make an impact and rise the awareness of how bad the refugee crisis it is even though it's 3 years away from Syria civil war
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
Let numbers and statistics to convince ppl and make them act.
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
Tell the story from different perspective
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Audiences
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
general public
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
politicians
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
Statisticians for exploration of data
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Possible Narratives
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
Refugees - Forced migration
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\fs20
Why Developed country/relatively wealthy nations have huge gaps in terms of hosing refugee?
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\fs20
How they lived in hosting country?
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\fs20
Where are the most refugee and asylum seeker coming from?
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\fs20
Death along the road - missing figures (high granularity)
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\fs20
Comparison of Forced migration & Travel and other purpose of migration?
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
General Immigration & emigration
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\fs20
What driven the accelerated human movements?
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
Democratization of high speed transportation?
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\fs20
Aviation data
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\fs20
Social media?
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
Travel & all sorts of other purposes
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
data
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
Missing Migrants - Data base from IOM 
{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://missingmigrants.iom.int/downloads"}{\fldrslt (link)}}
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\fs20
Data Field
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
Location of incident
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
number of suvivors/ number of death/ number of missing
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
Nationality
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
Cause of death
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
Related media coverage
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
Information Reliability
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
Database from Global Migration Data Analysis Centre 
{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://migrationdataportal.org/"}{\fldrslt (link)}}
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\fs20
Data Field
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
Total migrants residing in the region
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
Total emigrants
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Research
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
K1. Already have some data viz project talked this kind of issue.
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\fs20
1. PeopleMovin - visualized inflow/outflow  data from country to country, In a sorted order. 
{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.peoplemov.in/"}{\fldrslt (link)}}
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
Strength
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\fs20
The data has high granularity led to possibility of exploring. (ppl will spent time to play with it)
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
Weakness
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\fs20
TOO MUCH NUMBERS!!! Numbers are flowing all-over the place. Audience will lose interest even tho the topic is serious/important.
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\fs20
Just visualized how the migrants and refugees flow, nothing new here. Hard to draw ppl's attention.
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\fs20
2. refugee flow - series 
{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://metrocosm.com/asylum-seekers/"}{\fldrslt (link)}}
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
Strength
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\fs20
Aggregated num (each point rep 500 refugees), shows the histogram of the num of refugees in each country along the time.
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\fs20
3D VIZ
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\fs20
Include story-telling. Explaining More in-depth knowledge of refugee crisis. (diff Asylum seeker refugee) (Dev country vs. industrialized nation)
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
Weakness
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\fs20
Time series viz, Can't control. Nobody waits that long.
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\fs20
3. World's Immigration viz map 
{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://metrocosm.com/global-immigration-map/"}{\fldrslt (link)}}
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
Strength
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\fs20
Really unique perspective that related migration to major event/media hot topic, and then expore the viz.
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
Weakness
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\fs20
UGLY
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li800
{\fs20
4. Mapping global refugee movements 
{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://refugeemovements.com/main#data1"}{\fldrslt (link)}}
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
Strength
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\fs20
Story telling through global scale to specific area breakdown(GHoA).
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1000
{\fs20
Weakness
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li1200
{\fs20
Too bootstrap
}
\par\pard\plain
}